fix: don't parent popup windows on Windows OS (#4181)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

- Bugfix: Fixed being unable to see the usercard of VIPs who have Asian language display names. (#4174)
- Bugfix: Fixed the wrong right-click menu showing in the chat input box. (#4177)

> - Bugfix: Do not parent popup windows on Windows OS. (#4181)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bugfix: Fixed popup windows not appearing/minimizing correctly on the Windows taskbar. (#4181)
```
more friendly to the user, I can apply before merge after this is tested by another windows user later.

Author: I agree, this is way more accessible. Feel free to apply whenever you see fit :+1:
